which do not contain the letter 'e'.
that contain only the letters 'agde'.
using words  ending in 'er'.
which contain only lowercase letters.
that contain the word 'dance'
with words that contain 3 vowels.
which have 'bar'
using a word that ends in 'spoon'
that include three capital letters
using words that begin with 'z'.
that have at least 5 numbers.
that ends with letter 'f'
using a word that contains the letters 'der'
using only three words
starting with 'uu' followed by words starting with 'z'.
that have 2 words using 4 letters
that have words ending in 'ing'
which contain the word 'black' and the letter 'z'.
that contain the number '254' at least twice.
containing the word 'art'
with a word ending in 'aought' that contain only one word
which contain only an uppercase letter
that contain at least one numeric in it.
that end in an 'o'
that have all the letters 'a' , 'b' and 'c'
having words ending with 'ne'.
that contain 'World War II' and contain 'casualties'.
that contain the numbers '9', and '10'
with the word 'Triple' followed by words that start with 'X'
using 'su' after 'son' or 'soon'.
that utilize words starting with 'do'.
using 'q' before 'r'
containing a word using the letters 'tt'.
using more than 1 character
that contain words with 'ru'.
containing a word using 'ause' 
containing instances of 'JFK' found after 'ABC'
that contain at least three words and at least one number.
that contain numbers
using the word 'going' followed by 'd'.
that have 'sandwich' but not the word 'ham'
containing words starting with 't'.
that contain words ending in 'g'
that contain words ending with vowels.
that use words starting with 's'.
using 2 words or more
using the word 'piggy' and 'his mother'.
that have 5 characters and no vowels.
that contain at least one vowel and at least two numbers.
using at least 3 characters
that contain the phrase 'city of'.
that contain between two to seven words.
that use words starting with 'ga'.
any words beginning with the letter 'k'.
containing any number with an '8' in it.
which contain only the number '3'.
that contain words starting with 'pa'.
that contain only three words.
that mention 'Dylan' in the same line as 'Lynda'.
containing 'foo' or 'nu' before 'dist' or 'dust' 
where the number '0' appears
that feature 'email' followed by the word 'spam'.
that have within them words ending in 'ch'.
using the word 'clue'
that contain 'news' before 'paper' or 'show'.
that do not contain the word 'foo'
using 'min' before 'imal'
that include the string 'rst'
that contain at least two words starting with 'h' in them.
using the word 'An' at least once.
that begin with a number
that have words ending with 'ti'.
that do not contain the character 'x'
using words containing 'ope'.
that use words starting with 'bi'.
using 'oon' 
using words beginning with the letter 'g'
containing any mention of the word 'code'.
that contain 5 words
that have a word beginning with th and a number that begins in '7'
that have all of its letters capitalized.
using 'mno' after 'pqr'
where there are two consecutive capital letters
containing a letter
that contain the word 'orange'.
using a word of 5 letters or less.
that have words with 'la'.
that using the symbol '+' or '-'.
that contain the word 'Hindi'.
using words containing 'e' before 'i'.
that have at least one capital letter.
that have at least 3, but not more that 6 words.
that contain 'mix' or 'shake'.
that have 1 word in them
where 'PQR' is between a number and 'LMNO'
that have words with 7 letters.
that have one number
containing 'a' before 'b'
containing 'h', or 'i'
that contain words starting with 'de'.
that include words starting with 'q'.
that mention both 'butterflies' and 'fireflies'.
that contain 'ject' or 'pel'
that carry the word 'Jim' located in between 'Stacks' and 'Slim'.
using at least 5 'd'
that contain at least 2 digits.
using words with 'ca'.
that have only 3 words
that have 2 or more numbers.
that have a 2 letter sequence
that include words starting with 'fe'.
not containing 4 or more characters
that end containing the letter 'z'.
which have three words.
with 'sec' before 'mun'.
that have two or more words ending in 'a'.
that have 6 words.
that do not contain any number
containing 'k', or 'l'
that contain words ending with 'mae'.
that contain words starting with 'h'.
where the  word 'Homer' precedes the word 'Odyssey'
that do not contain the letter 'a'
using the word 'hero'.
that have words starting with 'pi'.
that have words starting with 'kai'.
Find that mention dogs or cats but not any with mice
that use 'a' or 'b' before words ending with 'er'.
starting with 'abc'
using three character words begining with the letters 'CE'.
that contain 3 words and have at least 2 numbers.
using 'abc' after 'def'
which feature the word 'hairy'.
containing the word 'crack'.
that have at least three 'j'.
that have 'turn'
using 'ghi' after 'jkl'
which contain a mix of uppercase letters and lowercase letters
where no word is more than 5 characters
using 'd' in the middle of a word.
using 5 'd'
with capital letters
containing 'e', or 'f'
using a 5 letter sequence
which contain a word starting with 'ch'
that contain words starting with 'po'.
utilizing the word 'law'.
that have only one b.
that have the number '44'.
that contain the letter 'A' followed by a vowel.
that contain words with 'oo'.
which have at least 7 numbers.
which end with 'you' 
that contain words ending with 'ol'.
that contain a digit.
using a word having the string 'der'
that are 20 characters or less
containing a word
that begin with the word 'once'.
that contain words starting with 'ac'.
that have 4 words or less where at least 1 of those words contains the letter sequence 'uin'.
that contain words ending in 'n'
that have 'eye'
that contain three letter words in them.
that contain five letter words.
which do not have 'life'.
which start with a number.
that start with a 'z' and end with an 'a'.
that have instances of a number and a vowel
which have both uppercase letters and lowercase letters.
containing 5 letter words.
that match 'billy' or 'bob'.
which contain five or more 'y'
that include words starting with 'ne'.
containing words that start with 'x'
containing 'ge' or 'an' before 'ger' or 'tra'
that end with 'gh'
which contain 'sorry' 
with 'tch' but not 'wi'.
that start with 'far' 
using words that end in 'y' or 'i'.
that contain the number '2005' and 'May' and begin with 'Mary'.
with an '8' that comes after a '5'.
utilizing words starting with 'w'.
containing words that start with 'th'
that contain 'ig' or 'physics' before 'nobel'.
containing 'st' and containing 'gy' too
that contain the text 'NOW'
that contain the text 'hello'
that contain five words that begin with 'P'.
that have words ending with 'ge'.
Look for any line with the '@' symbol.
using an instance of 'itch'
containing three vowels
containing 'ers' and containing 'oxy' too
that have more than 6 numbers.
with the word 'Goal' in them.
beginning with 'Therefore'
using 2 or more words containing the letters 'ing'. 
that have the word 'love' preceeding the word 'you'.
which contain a 3 letter string starting with a
starting with a 'T'.
that contain the letters 'ba'.
that are composed of 4 or more words.
using the word 'George' and the number '62'.
utilizing words starting with 'b'.
that use the word 'boom' followed by words starting with 'ka'
that end in a number
that use words with 'ce'.
which have at least 1 numeric character.
that contain at least one word starting with 'q'.
that have 'twist'
containing words that start with and end with 'xyz'
containing 'x' and containing 'y' too
that contain words ending with 'la'.
that have 3 numbers and contain the word 'Columbia'.
that contain at least one number.
that contain words starting with 'ke'.
that contain a word using at most 6 letters
using 'ent' or 'ong'
containing words using a vowel.
with words ending in 'y'.
that contain 2 numbers that contain '19'.
that contain at least 2 capital letters.
containing a 6 letter sequence
where the letter c appears more than one time
which contain only vowels.
that contain words ending in 'i'.
containing 'ast'
using 'the'
containing 'on' and also containing 'off'
that mention 'trolls'.
that contain at least one vowel and at least two numbers
that begin with the word 'the'
that contain words with 'ri'.
which contain 3 or more vowels.
using 3 instances of 'sw'
that contain instances of 'ape', but only if its one of the first three words.
which contain a word starting with the letter 'a' and a word starting with the letter 'z'.
that show 'May' and 'June'.
that use words starting with 'no'.
that contain the text 'this is it'.
that start with 'the'.
that show the letter 'a' and number '5'.
using 'din' after 'e' or 'ky'.
that contain both a 'B' and a 'b'.
that have a '7' in them
using at least 6 characters
that contain the word 'zoo'.
using the vowel combination 'ei'.
containing at least 2 words
containing the word 'run' or the word 'hat'
containing at least 2 characters but not 4 characters or more
with no vowels
using words that contain the letter 'q'.
containing the word 'shoe' and containing the word 'lace' 
using 2 or more words comprised of 5 letters
starting with 're'
that contain 'in' 
using 'ick' 
that contain words starting with 'ki'.
that end in a digit
that have two vowels
having words starting with 'di'.
that contain five vowels
containing 'tt' and containing 'bb' too
that contain the word 'hello' within 5 characters of the word 'world'.
that end with the number '100'.
which begin with the word 'how'
using at least three numerical characters
that do not have the letter 'a'
that contain words ending in 'ch'
that contain the word 'trust'.
which contain the letter 'x' and the letter 'y'
that have a word of 3 letters
that end with 'boby'
that have the word 'couch' included
that contain at least five words.
which have a th after a 'ch'.
which contain the letter 'z' twice.
that end with '2' and contain words that begin with 'Sel'
containing either a 'w' or 's' character.
which contain 2 or more 'q'.
that contain words starting with 'an'.
having words ending with 'fa'.
ending with 'vem'
containing words starting with the letter 'x'.
with 7 or more words
that contain 'jellyfish' and mention 'breeding'.
that contain 5 or more letters
that contain words ending with 'le'.
that contain words and 4 numbers.
that contain words ending with 'd'.
using a word containing the letter 'l'.
containing the word 'inoperative'.
with all words beginning with 'a'.
that end with 'you'.
that contain 4 letter words ending in 's'
which contain the letter 'h' preceded by a letter.
which have the word 'egg'
that contain 'is' or 'it'
using 'ss' between 'a' and 'le'
that have at least two words that start with 's'.
comprised of 5 or more words containing 5 or fewer letters
that contain a number ending with '0'
that end with the word 'free'.
which contain 'ead' or 'pro'
that contain the word 'and'
using 4 letter words
that contain words starting with 'gi'.
that utilize words starting with 'pu'.
that end in 'e'
end in an 'a'
that have at least three words beginning with a vowel.
which contain a 3 letter string
with 'car' between 'try' and 'say'.
that contain the word 'the'
that contain the number '10'.
that contain 6 letter words beginning with the letter 'y'.
that contain a word starting with a vowel.
with 'helper' where the word 'little' comes before 'helper'.
containing an instance of the name 'Beaker'.
which contain 'qu' at the start
that show 'Mr' and 'Mrs' but not 'Ms' or 'Miss'.
that include 'Canada' and 'Mexico' but not 'Cuba'.
which contain a word ending in 'ing'.
that contain 'tumeric' and 'saffron'
that start with 'apartheid'.
containing words that start with 'h' and end with 'e'.
containing both 'ac' and 'dc'
composed with a word
which do not contain a vowel.
using words beginning with the letter 'x'.
containing words that end with 'L'
that contain words beginning in 'p'
that contain the word 'sea' followed by at least one number.
that contain a word containing 5 or more letters.
that contain at least three five letter words
that contain 'ugly' before 'betty' or 'thomas'.
that contain words starting with 'fa'.
that contain 'fu' before 'ba' or 'bar'.
using more than 4 characters
that contain any three vowels
having words ending with 'ta'.
which contain 'I am mad'.
that use words that are only four letters long.
that have five words that all end with the letter 'G'.
containing words that start with 'i'.
containing 'mean' or 'nic' before 'est' or 'test' 
that use words with 'ca'.
that have ten words.
containing 'tain' after 're' or 'per'.
that end in 'o'
that contain 'x' and 'y' but not 'z'.
that end in 'e'
having the letters 'ea'.
that begin with 'The' or 'For'.
that contain the letter 'V' and the number '33'.
starting with 'X' followed by a word with 'oa'.
that end with the letter 'o'
using any instance of 'd' or 'e' followed by 's' or 'r'
that contain a word and five numbers.
where 'TRY' is separated from 'LOL' with a comma
that contin words ending in 'e'.
containing the word 'blog'
using a word
which have 'oo', but no instances of 'o' between the letters 'd' and 'a'
having words ending with 'en'.
that contain three letter words.
using a 3 letter sequence
which contain 'upper' or 'lower' 
that have the word 'sandwich'
ending in 'ia'
that begin with the phrase 'once upon a time'
that utilize the letters 'as'.
that contain the word 'unifax' but not the word 'colorado'.
using the word 'Westbury' next to a number.
with 'helper' and 'little'
that contain digits.
that contain three 'she'.
that contain exactly two words.
using words that begin with 'q' but do not have a 'u'.
that contain words starting with 'du'.
beginning with words that have a vowel as the first letter.
that begin with a numeral
which contain the word 'mobile' but do not contain the word 'phone'
containing words that begin with 'G' and end with 'y'
containing at least 3 words
that have 'JFK' but not 'WAS'
that contain the phrase 'Booyah'.
that contain both the word 'bar' and the word 'stress'
that contain words that have the letter 'e' occuring after the letter 'c'.
that contain 3 numbers and one number contains 1.
which begin with 'omega'
using words ending with 'mo'.
that contain the word 'Boby'.
containing usage of the word 'fried'.
with words that contain 3 letters
that use words ending with 'ot'.
using more than 3 characters
that contain the word 'null'
using a word which contains at least 5 letters.
that use words of at least 9 letters.
that match the words 'and in this life'.
that contain at least 4 words.
using at least 3 'b'
that contain an 'x'
that contain the symbol '-'.
3 letter starting with 'x'
containing 'pol' or 'mi' before 'ist' or 'lk' 
that have at least 2 words of 3 or more letters
that contain '-' between words 'a' and 'lot'.
with words that end in 'n'.
using 'lay' or 'lie'
that show 's' in the beginning of the word  and 't' at the end of the word.
that have 'de' before 'st' and 're' after 'col'.
which contain 5 words starting with 'f'
which mention 'puppy'.
that contain DEF' with a period immediately after it.'
using the word 'intellectual'
containing 'ant'
which have the word 'number' and a number
using words ending with 'on'.
that end with 'bar' and include the phrase 'San Jose'.
that use words starting with 'fu'.
beginning with 'begin'
that contain words ending in 'e'.
that start with a vowel and ends in an 'e'.
starting with the word 'the'.
that contain 1 to 5 numbers and 1 letter.
that end with 'and'
that utilize 'pan' following words starting with 'pe'.
that have the word 'Facebook'
that have words with 're'.
that have 3 or more words containing the letters 'ly'.
with instances of 'ABC' between 'XYX' and a comma
that have a word containing 'a' or 'b'
using the word 'of' or the word 'in' 
containing two or more words containing 'y'.
that contain at least one 'z'
that contain a word using the letters 'ire'
that have 'ser' after 'lin' or 'ku'.
that have three words comprised of 4 characters each.
ending in 'az'
which begin with the letter 'z'.
containing 'ku' after 'mar' or 'is'.
that contain 2 numbers and 3 words and contain the letter 't'.
that include one word using at least 2 letters
that have a capital 'A', but not a lowercase 'a'.
that start with the letter 'e' followed by the word 'jr'.
containing 'b', or 'c'
that contain 'Beaker' but do not contain 'Bunsen'.
where '4' is between '3' and '5'
that contain a word in all uppercase.
which start with the word 'The'
containing 3 or more vowels and 5 or more words
that contain words starting with 'bo'.
6 letter lines
with 'ock' 
using a capital letter followed by a number
that start with 'ABC' and end with 'TRY'
ending with 'cem'
that contain a number.
that have words ending with a 'g'
that contain 2 repetitions of the word 'a'
that utilize words starting with 'ko'.
that show the text '1:15' and the word 'midnight'.
that contain three or more digits
using 'ness' or 'ed'
that are only comprised of uppercase letters.
using 'lugg' before 'age'
with the word 'and' between 'zyx' and 'cba'
containing the number 11 and the word 'eleven'.
that are composed of the letters 'a', 'b', and 'd'.
that mention 'Randy' and also contain 'fox'
utilizing '!'
that end with vowels.
that have 'ace' after 'pl' or 'tr'.
starting with 'tra'
containing one instance of 'ca' followed by an 'r' or a 't'
where there are exactly two words and 7 characters.
that have 3 words and two numbers.
using words starting with 'fi'.
with 'buck'
containing words which begin with 'c' and end with 'd'
containg the number '9'.
that utilize words starting with 'ni' followed by the word 'knight'
which begin with 'y', has a 'z' in the middle and end in a number.
containing 'tal' and containing 'tel' too
that contain the 'staphyloccus aureus.'
that use 'Jane' but not 'Janet' or '2'.
that contain words starting with 'go'.
that contain only 2 words, and, begin with the letter 'f'.
containing only four words.
which do not contain 'excellent'
that end with 'hey' 
that have no instances of 'old' but at least one instance of 'ion'.
that utilize words starting with 'r'.
using words that end with the letter 'n'
that use numbers.
having words starting with 'fo'.
using words that have 'ire'
that only have 3 words
that contain words starting in 's'
that contain text made up of more than 6 letters total.
that contain the letter 'a' in the middle of a word.
where the letter 'b' appears exactly 4 times
that contain a word  starting with 'l'.
that contain a word with five or more vowels.
which do not begin with an uppercase letter.
which start with 'n' and end with 'y'
that contain at least two words beginging with 'y'.
that have a word containing the string 'ude'
having words with 'ro'.
using 4 or more words
using at least 4 'c'
starting with 'cl'
that contain 'number' written in words.
that have at least 3 words.
which have 3 words.
utilizing the phrase 'this is it'.
that contain words starting with 'ba'.
using the vowel combination 'ou' and 'th'.
which contain 'rh' but do not contain the letter 'y'.
that have any instance of 'ight'.
using the letter sequence 'ably' followed by a word ending in 'ed'.
having words ending with 'lo'.
that feature 'c' or 'd' before words that start with capital letters.
using 'foo' between 'car' and 'cop'
that list the word 'Bean'.
which have at least one word which has six or more letters.
containing vowels
starting with 'sign'
that utilize words starting with 'ab'.
that contain numbers.
containing 4 words.
that have three numbers between 'abc' and 'def'.
that use 'native' and 'tribes'.
that does not contain any vowels.
that have 5 or more words of 3 or fewer letters.
that contain a '?' or an '!'.
that begin with a number
that contain at least 2 digits.
that use a numerical number.
that contain words using 'ie'
that contain 'fast' and contain '2'
where there is only one word.
containing only a letter
containing the word 'country'
that have words containing 'ei'
that contain words ending in 'os'
that have words ending in 'ing'.
that include both 'cake' and 'candles'.
using 1 number and 2 letters
using five letter words.
containing 'sing' or 'sung'
using 6 instances of 'fu'
that have at least 6 characters
that have six letter words ending in 'th'.
containing the word 'pray' at the end.
that contain 5 numbers and 2 words that contain 'ly'.
that utilize only three words
using 'Bill' or 'bill'
that have no vowels.
that have a number in them
that contain 7 or more words
using words starting with 'be'.
that use words ending with 'at'.
which mention 'Pat' with the word 'turkey'.
that have a number, but only if it is followed by 'ABC'
that contain two words that have two letters.
that end in 'y' and begins in 'a'.
that match to the text 'I went into'.
which end with 'hula' 
that begins with the word 'total'.
using the word 'God'.
that utilize words starting with 'bu'.
that contain 'Freddie Mercury' and contain 'AIDS'.
that are composed of 5 words or less where at least one word begins with the letter 'k'.
that contain three words that start with the letter 'Y'.
that contain a 3 letter word and a 2 letter word.
that contain a word starting with 'a' and ending with 'a'
that start with words containing 'w'.
that use the number '33'.
which start with 'alpha'
that have only two words in them.
that contain 4 or more 'b'
containing words using the letters 'ers'.
which have instances of 'tch'.
using the string 'gue'
that have 'aba' between 'bcb' and 'cbc'
containing the country name 'New Zealand'.
which contain both 'i' and 'e' but no instances of 'u'.
that contain a number and contain a 3 letter word.
which start with 'start'
using 'ox' before 'en'
containing 'l' before 'y'
that begin with 'a' and end with 'z'
containing 'lake' and containing the word 'house'
using 5 or more words.
that contain words with at least 3 vowels
that have 'eak' after 'red'
containing the word 'preordained'.
that feature the word 'moot', and at least 3 words of 6 letters or more.
using 2 instances of 'irl'
that contain 4 or more capital letters
that end with 'after' 
that contain four letter words.
that start with 'iffl' 
that contain 'on' 
that begin with a number and end with 'street' or 'avenue'.
with vowels
using 'lives', 'lifes', or 'life'
that contain the text 'then I said'.
that contain the word 'movie' in them.
that have less than 6 words but more than 3 words.
using at least 2 instances of 'ly'
containing words that start with 'fa'
containing 'GHF', but not 'JFK'
which have words beginning with 'H'.
where there is at least one word in which 'e' follows 'i'
having words ending with 'te'.
that contain words that end in 'y' that do not begin with 'w'
that contain 5 or more words.
that contain words ending in 'az'
that contain any numbers.
utilizing the number '1'.
that use the word 'white'
which do not have numbers.
that end with numbers.
containing words that  have 5 letters in them.
with instances of 'at'.
which contain 'x' and 'y'.
that do not use the word 'the'
that contain either of 'y' or 'z'
using three letter words.
containing the word 'laughing'.
containing the word 'trade'.
where the word 'and' appears between the words 'sand' and 'tide'
with numbers
that contain a period after a number, but only if before 'ABC'.
that contain at least 2 vowels in a word.
that have two words containing 5 or more letters.
using 'life' or 'lives'
that have 4 characters
that end in '!' but do not contain 'surprise'.
with three numbers and the word 'kitten'.
that have no letters.
using 'art' or 'led'
containing the word 'house'.
that utilize the number '7'.
using 3 instances of 'b'
that include words with 'ra'.
having words ending with 'oo'.
that contain 3 words.
using 7 'f'
that contain the word 'bar'
that contain 'wig' after 'er' or 'let'.
that contain words using the letters 'ant'
that ends with 'ABC' and contain two numbers.
containing only one word
that contain the text, 'New York'.
using the word 'hurry' followed by the word 'up'.
which do have numbers.
that utilize the '$' symbol.
where there are three characters between instances of 'ABC' and 'WEX'
containing 'oo' and 'at'.
that have more than 5 words ending with a 'c.'
containing 'left' and also containing 'right'
that contain 'dre' or 'ber'
using a 3 letter sequence starting with 'n'
that start with the letter 'c'
with 'un' 
that have 'oe'.
that do not contain a number.
containing 'ch' or 'dh'
that contain 'tran' and the word 'nguyen'.
containing '8' and containing a '3' as well.
that have the letter 'X' at the end of a word.
using at least 4 characters
that have the word 'laugh', and at least 1 number.
that contain the words 'the' and  'cold'.
using 'pid' immediately after 'stu'
that start with 'news' 
in which there are words that begin with 'th'.
that begin with the word 'Topo'.
that contain words using aught in them.
that use 'mo' followed by words starting with 'fo'
utilizing the number '2'.
that contain at least one vowel in each word.
ending with 'fer'
composed of at least 3 words of 4 or more letters
that have at least five words that start with a vowel.
that use the '@' symbol
that have three words of five letters each.
that begin with the word 'the'.
of 6 characters that end with the letter 's'.
that contain the word 'tron' but not 'bot'.
that have 'efg' followed by the word 'car'
that contain words starting with the letter 'g'
that contain 5 or less words that have 4 or more letters where one of those letters is an 'a'.
that contain words starting with 'da'.
that have the numbers '12345' and '54321'.
that have words that start with 'b'.
that contain at least one word without any vowels.
2 letter lines
using words that end with a vowel.
that have words ending with 'as'.
using at least 5 characters
where numbers exist only after a sequence of 'ABC' and 'XYZ'
with 'bit' and not 'ch'.
which have 'ing' and 'out' but not 'sh' or 'cl'.
that start with 'A' or An
using more than 5 characters
which contain multiple quoted words.
that contain the word 'Kelly' but do not contain the word 'Chris'.
that only contain vowels.
that have words ending in 'ing' or 'est'.
with 'Quasi' as a stand alone word.
containing the word 'tag'.
containing both letters and numbers, but no capitals.
using at least two numbers, 'aby', and 'oz'.
that utilize the number '1'
containing the letter 'z' but not the letter 'q'.
containing 3 letter words starting with 'z' 
using a word starting with a vowel and ending with 'y'
that use words ending in 'g'
with words matching the word 'fur'.
that start with 'an'
utilizing words with 'be'.
in which all words start with the letter 'a'.
that begin with a vowel and end with a vowel
that contain words starting with 'na'.
that mention 'fireflies' but not 'butterflies'.
having the letter 'x'.
which contain 'q' and 'u'
using 'ly' or 'ny'
that start with 'Transport One' and end in a number.
that end with '...'
containing 3 or more ';' 
that contain 'I' in each word.
that contain the phrase 'bedrock' or 'yabadabadoo'.
that contain words starting with 'ge'.
containing words that end with s.
using words which have a vowel.
using 'an' before 'imal'
that contain 'if' before 'then' or 'else'.
using words that begin with the letter 'G'.
containing words ending with 'mie'.
that start with 'gates' 
composed of 3 or more characters
that start with 'Al' but do not contain any numbers.
using words ending in 'ness'
with words that end with 'ca' before words that end with 'att'
that contain words with 'ci'.
containing words ending in 're' 
that use only four words
ending with the letter 'f'
that end in 't'
that start with the letter 't'.
containing a 5 letter word beginning with 't'
ending with 'uns'
ending with 'end'
that contain 'day' or 'to'
that contain at least one word and the number '12'
ending with 'wrench' that use the word 'monkey'.
that contain at least one digit.
starting and ending with 'a'
that have 'car'
of words whose last letters are 'ing'.
beginning with the letter 's' and ending with the letter 'y'
that use words ending with 'es'.
that have 3 characters after the first vowel
ending in 'z' preceded by a word that ends in 'nt'
using the word 'day' followed by the letters 'abc'
that contain words starting with 'gu'.
that have the word 'pray'.
that contain words between 'I' and 'you'
that contain 3 words with at least 1 number in between the 1st and 3rd word.
containing the text 'and so it came to pass'
with 'helper' where the word 'little' does not appear before 'helper' in that line.
that have a word ending with the letters 'ked'.
that each begin with a vowel
ending in 'fuzz'
using 6 'e'
that contain words starting with a vowel and ending with a vowel.
that contain words using 'oo' in them.
which contain 'out' 
using words ending with 'tu'.
having 'sh' after 'wi' and 'st' before 'ar'.
that start with the word 'The'
that contain more than five words.
that do not contain the letter 'c'.
starting with 'the'
that contain words ending with a vowel.
that contain at least one word which is 8 characters or longer
that contain words ending with 'el'.
containing words that end with 'P'
using a word which has uppercase letters and has lowercase letters
that contain words with 're'.
that start with the letter 'a' and end with the letter 'c'
that have three characters before the sequence 'SBC'
using the letter pair 'no'
containing 3 or more vowels.
which contain a word using 2 or more letters
that contain 'er' at the end of every word.
using 4 instances of 'ug'
that do not have 'the' in them
containing at least one uppercase letter, and at least one lowercase letter
that contain the phrase 'Wednesday' but not 'Sunday'.
containing the word 'revolution'.
ending with 'xyz'
that contain a nine letter word.
with fox that do not contain the word chicken.
utilizing words ending with 'fe'.
that do not have any word consisting of 4 letters.
which start with 'oocl' 
that do not contain numerical characters.
using 'gophers' and containing the words 'grass' and 'seeds'.
containing 'annou' and 'irth' that do not have a 'c' anywhere.
using 'x' before 'z'
beginning with the letter 'f'
4 letter lines
using numbers that show two or more '0'.